{\rtf1\ansi \deff5\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult0\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\cf2 \snext26 heading 1;}{\s2\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult0
\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20\cf2 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\fi-245\li360\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20\cf2 \sbasedon2\snext4 heading 4;}{\s5\li720\sb80\sl-240\slmult0
\widctlpar \b\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 5;}{\s6\li720\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 6;}{\s7\li720\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \i\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 7;}{\s8\li720\sb80\sl-240\slmult0
\widctlpar \i\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 8;}{\s9\li720\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \i\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive\f5\fs20\cf2\up6\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{
\s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote text;}{\s17\li720\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal Indent;}{\s18\fi-240\li600\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext18 Jli;}{
\s19\li120\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\keep\widctlpar\tx520\tx920\tx1320\tx1720\tx2120 \f3\fs16 \snext19 Ex;}{\s20\li360\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext0 Sa1;}{\s21\fi-240\li360\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx360 \f5\fs20 \snext22 Lb1;}{
\s22\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx360 \f5\fs20 \snext22 Lb2;}{\s23\li360\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext22 Lp1;}{\s24\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20
\b\f5\fs20 \snext25 Th;}{\s25\li115\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext25 Tp;}{\s26\li120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext0 Normal 2;}{\s27\li120\sb120\sa120\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext0 bitmap;}{\s28\li120\sb120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar
\f5\fs20 \snext29 Sa2;}{\s29\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \snext29 Jl;}{\s30\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon24\snext25 Th2;}{
\s31\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f5\fs16 \sbasedon24\snext25 Th3;}{\s32\li115\sb200\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal 3;}{
\s33\fi-1800\li1915\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1915 \b\f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 Thh;}{\s34\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1915 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 Tph;}{
\s35\fi-1973\li2088\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx835\tx1555\tx1915\tx2088\tx2275\tx2995\tx3715 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon26\snext35 Normal 2a;}{\s36\fi-720\li835\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx835 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon26\snext36 NOTE;}{\s37\fi-2880\li2995\sl-240\slmult0
\widctlpar\tx835\tx1555\tx2995\tx3715\tx4435\tx5155 \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext37 table1;}{\s38\li115\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx835\tx1555\tx2275\tx2995\tx3715\tx4435\tx5155 \f5\fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext38 tablehead;}{\s39\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0
\widctlpar \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext39 endnote text;}{\*\cs40 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\author Bob Frazier}{\operator R. E. Frazier}{\creatim\yr1993\mo4\dy29\min51}{\revtim\yr1995\mo9\dy28\hr9\min32}
{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords911}{\nofchars5196}{\*\company Stewart~Frazier Tools, Inc.}{\vern57429}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aendnotes\ftnnrlc\aftnnar\linkstyles\hyphcaps0 \fet0{\*\template C:\\My Documents\\what31b.dot}\sectd \linex0 {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult0\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\cf2 {\cs15\b0\fs20\up6\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0
\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super $} SFTShell Command Line Interpreter}}{\b0  }{\cs15\b0\fs20\up6\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super #} CONTENTS}}{\b0  }{\cs15\b0\fs20\up6\super +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super +} 000}}{\b0  }{\cs15\b0\fs20\up6\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super K} Contents}}{\b0  }{
\cs15\b0\fs20\up6\super !{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super !} EnableButton("btn_next");DisableButton("btn_up")}} SFTShell Command Line Interpreter
\par \pard\plain \s26\li120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\uldb Command Line Interpreter Overview}{\v OVERVIEW}
\par {\uldb System Requirements}{\v SYSTEMREQ}
\par {\uldb Commands}{\v COMMANDS}{\uldb
\par Function Keys}{\v KEYS}
\par {\uldb ANSI Sequences}{\v ANSI}{\uldb
\par High Level Language Features}{\v CALC}
\par {\uldb Using ODBC}{\v USING_ODBC}
\par
\par \pard \li115\sb40\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar {\uldb Copyright Information}{\v COPYRIGHT}
\par {\uldb About Stewart~Frazier Tools, Inc.}{\v ABOUTSFT}
\par \pard\plain \s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult0\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\cf2 \page {\cs15\b0\fs20\up6\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super $} Command Line Interpreter Overview}}{\b0  }{
\cs15\b0\fs20\up6\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super #} OVERVIEW}}{\b0  }{\cs15\b0\fs20\up6\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {
\cs15\cf2\up6\super +} 001}}{\b0  }{\cs15\b0\fs20\up6\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super K} Overview}}{\b0  }{\cs15\b0\fs20\up6\super !{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0
\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super !} EnableButton("btn_previous");EnableButton("btn_next");EnableButton("btn_up");ChangeButtonBinding("btn_up", "JumpId(`sftshell.hlp',`contents')")}} Command Line Interpreter Overview
\par \pard\plain \s26\li120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 The SFTShell{\f1\fs16 \'d4} Command Line Interpreter for Windows{\f1\fs16 \'d4}
 is the equivalent of an MS-DOS COMMAND.COM prompt, except that it operates entirely within the Windows environment.  As such, it is capable of taking advantage of
the multi-tasking environment.  Additionally, the SFTShell Command Line Interpreter has a built-in non-preemptive multi-threading system, which allows it to easily process background tasks, thus precluding SFTShell from "dominating" the machine during tim
e-consuming operations.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20
SFTShell supports the majority of the MS-DOS 'Batch' language commands, and includes many enhancements of the existing commands, plus additional commands that can take advantage of the Windows operating environment.  Also, there are
advanced functions which allow you to perform advanced "housekeeping" by monitoring memory usage, removing unwanted "hung" tasks or unnecessary library modules, or to wait for a specific time (as a background task) and launch some planned event.  SFTShell
 provides the capability of detecting a particular running task, or windows that belong to the task, and to simulate sending keystrokes to a particular window.  This makes SFTShell a useful tool for automating complex processes, which can then be executed
 at specific times on specific days, without an operator present.
\par Several sample "batch language" programs are included with SFTShell which demonstrate how  "batch language" programs can be written for SFTShell.  Most of these programs take advantage of the 'BASIC-like' high-level language features, that include an inte
rpretive algebraic calculator, and advanced functions that allow you to closely monitor the Windows environment, as well as perform numeric and string calculations.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult0\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\cf2 \page {\cs15\fs20\up6\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super $} System Requirements}} {\cs15\fs20\up6\super #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super #} SYSTEMREQ}} {\cs15\fs20\up6\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super +} 002}} {
\cs15\fs20\up6\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super K} System Requirements}} {\cs15\fs20\up6\super !{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {
\cs15\cf2\up6\super !} EnableButton("btn_previous");EnableButton("btn_next");EnableButton("btn_up");ChangeButtonBinding("btn_up", "JumpId(`sftshell.hlp',`contents')")}} System Requirements
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 To run the SFTShell Command Line Interpreter for Microsoft{\f1\fs16 \'e2} Windows{\f1\fs16 \'d4} you need at least an Intel 80386 (or better) CPU
and the Microsoft Windows operating system version 3.1 or later, with at least the recommended minimum memory and disk space that is required for running Microsoft Windows.  A mouse is desirable, but not required.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult0\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\cf2 \page {\cs15\fs20\up6\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super $} Copyright Information}} {\cs15\fs20\up6\super #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super #} COPYRIGHT}} {\cs15\fs20\up6\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super +} 03}} {
\cs15\fs20\up6\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super K} Copyright}} {\cs15\fs20\up6\super !{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super !}
 EnableButton("btn_previous");EnableButton("btn_next");EnableButton("btn_up");ChangeButtonBinding("btn_up", "JumpId(`sftshell.hlp',`contents')")}} Copyright Information
\par \pard\plain \s26\li120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 This help file is Copyright \'a9 1994 by Stewart~Frazier Tools, Inc. - all rights reserved.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20
\par \pard\plain \s26\li120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\fs16 MS-DOS}{\f1\fs16 \'e2}{\fs16  is a registered trademark.
\par Windows}{\f1\fs16 \'d4 }{\fs16 is a registered trademark of Microsoft}{\f1\fs16  }{\fs16 Corporation.
\par Intel }{\f1\fs16  }{\fs16 is a registered trademark of Intel}{\f1\fs16  }{\fs16 Corporation.
\par SFTShell}{\f1\fs16 \'d4}{\fs16  is a trademark of Stewart~Frazier Tools, Inc.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult0\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\cf2 \page {\cs15\fs20\up6\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super $} About Stewart~Frazier Tools, Inc.}} {
\cs15\fs20\up6\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super #} ABOUTSFT}} {\cs15\fs20\up6\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super +} 04}}
{\cs15\fs20\up6\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super K} Stewart~Frazier Tools, Inc.}} {\cs15\fs20\up6\super !{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {
\cs15\cf2\up6\super !} EnableButton("btn_previous");DisableButton("btn_next");EnableButton("btn_up");ChangeButtonBinding("btn_up", "JumpId(`sftshell.hlp',`contents')")}} About Stewart~Frazier Tools, Inc.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Stewart~Frazier Tools, Inc. is a developer of {\b SOFTWARE TOOLS}
 for business, which enhance productivity and make critical information more available to management personnel.  Incorporated in January of 1993, Stewart~Frazier Tools, Inc. has been providing consulting services and custom software utilities since Januar
y of 1992.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 Stewart~Frazier Tools, Inc.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 http://mrp3.com/
\par Del Mar, CA  92014
\par phone/fax: (619)755-1306
\par \pard\plain \s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult0\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\cf2 \page {\cs15\fs20\up6\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super $} ANSI Character Sequences}} {\cs15\fs20\up6\super #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super #} ANSI}} {\cs15\fs20\up6\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super +} 010}} {\cs15\fs20\up6\super K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super K} ANSI}} ANSI Character Sequences
\par \pard\plain \s26\li120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 One unique feature of
SFTSHELL is the ability to support most of the standard ANSI sequences that are supported by the ANSI.SYS keyboard driver.  The ANSI command sequences are a series of standard ASCII printable characters, preceded by an ESCAPE '^[' character (ASCII 27 \{
1BH\}).  Numeric values are specified as DECIMAL ASCII strings embedded into the sequence.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 The following standard ANSI sequences are supported by SFTSHELL:
\par \pard \fi-1440\li1555\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1555 {\b\ul  SEQUENCE\tab DESCRIPTION\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }
\par \pard \fi-1440\li1555\sb40\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1555  <ESC>[y;xH\tab Move cursor to row 'y', column 'x', where '0;0' would represent the upper left corner of the screen
\par  <ESC>[y;xf\tab Same as above.
\par  <ESC>[yA\tab Cursor up by 'y' lines; column does not change.
\par  <ESC>[yB\tab Cursor down by 'y' lines; column does not change.
\par  <ESC>[xC\tab Cursor right by 'x' columns; row does not change.
\par  <ESC>[xD\tab Cursor left by 'x' columns; row does not change.
\par  <ESC>[s\tab Save current cursor position - see <ESC>[u (below).
\par  <ESC>[u\tab Restore cursor position saved by <ESC>[s (above).
\par  <ESC>[2J\tab Erase display, move cursor to row 0, column 0.
\par  <ESC>[K\tab Erase to end of line from current column.
\par  <ESC>[0;..Xm\tab Using numeric values '0' through 'X' (as appropriate) it assigns colors and other text attributes to all of the displayable characters following the sequence.
\par \tab 0 All attributes off.
\par \tab 1 Bold Text on.
\par \tab 4 Underscore On (NOT SUPPORTED).
\par \tab 5 Blinking Text on (NOT SUPPORTED).
\par \tab 7 Reverse Video on (NOT SUPPORTED).
\par \tab 8 Concealed on (NOT SUPPORTED).
\par \tab 30 through 39 FOREGROUND (TEXT) COLOR - Black, red, green, yellow, blue, magenta, cyan, white.
\par \tab 40 through 49 BACKGROUND (SCREEN) COLOR - Black, red, green, yellow, blue, magenta, cyan, white.
\par  <ESC>[=zH\tab Set video mode (NOT SUPPORTED).
\par  <ESC>[=zl\tab Reset video mode (NOT SUPPORTED).
\par  <ESC>[c;s;..p\tab Remaps keyboard string for 'c' to 's' (NOT SUPPORTED).
\par \pard \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar
\par \pard\plain \s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult0\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\cf2 \page {\cs15\fs20\up6\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super $} SFTShell Function Keys}} {\cs15\fs20\up6\super #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super #} KEYS}} {\cs15\fs20\up6\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super +} 011} K{\footnote \pard\plain
\s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 {\cs15\cf2\up6\super K} Keyboard;Function Keys}} SFTShell Function Keys
\par \pard\plain \s26\li120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20 The following keys have the associated functions listed below:
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar \f5\fs20
\par \pard\plain \s26\fi-1440\li1555\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1555 \f5\fs20 {\b\ul KEY\tab FUNCTION\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }
\par F1\tab Context Sensitive Help (current command line)
\par F3\tab Re-types previous command line (like COMMAND.COM)
\par Up, Down\tab Command history - rotates through the list
\par Right, Left,\tab Command line editing - similar to 'DOSKEY' in its
\par Home, End\tab implementation.  Use the DELETE, BACKSPACE, and
\par \tab INSERT keys to modify the current command text.
\par Alt-F3\tab Command Line History (dialog box)
\par Ctrl-F3\tab Copy the COMMAND HISTORY buffer to the Clipboard
\par PgUp\tab Scrolls Screen Up by a specific number of lines
\par PgDn\tab Scrolls Screen Down by a specific number of lines
\par Ctrl-Up\tab Scrolls Screen Up by a single line
\par Ctrl-Down\tab Scrolls Screen Down by a single line
\par Ctrl-Rt\tab Scrolls Screen to the right by 8 characters
\par Ctrl-Left\tab Scrolls Screen to the left by 8 characters
\par Ctrl-PgUp\tab Scrolls Screen to the left by 8 characters
\par Ctrl-PgDn\tab Scrolls Screen to the right by 8 characters
\par Ctrl-Shft-Ins\tab Copies *entire* screen buffer to the clipboard!
\par Ctrl-Break\tab Stops processing on certain operations
\par Ctrl-C\tab Same as Ctrl-Break
\par Ctrl-S,Ctrl-Q\tab With certain functions stalls and resumes output
\par Alt-F4\tab Exits program (exits Windows{\f1 \'d4} if SFTShell is the
\par \tab current SYSTEM SHELL)
\par \pard \s26\li120\sl-240\slmult0\widctlpar
\par }
